# ivyarchackathon
The task is to integrate the following features into the cloned video-conferencing application.  Must offer Two-Way Authentication security to ensure that all information shared in video calls cannot be intercepted by external bodies. Must offer efficient Internet Data Consumption rates that will on-market video conferencing apps away. Must offer efficient Business Portability by being able to be used on both public Internet connections and on businesses' private Virtual Private Networks (VPN). Must have much better Internet Connectivity/Stability (reduced meeting participant disconnections and much better audio and video quality) than what current video conferencing offer. Having Video Replay and Replay Speed Manipulation (Pause, Fast-forward, and Rewind) features that will enable meeting participants to easily revisit older sections of the meeting that they want to review or view parts of the meeting that they have been absent for. Must offer Speech-to-Text functionality to enable the creation of real-time captions (subtitles) of what the meeting participants are saying. Must implement Real-time Transcription functionality that will have a log of what the meeting participants have discussed (see criteria 6), as well as identifiers for who-said-what during the meeting. Must offer a dedicated and categorised Shared Content section that will keep a list of all content that has been shared throughout the meeting. The categories are up to your discretion, but some good examples are Documents, Audio, and Links categories. Must be deployable on both Web and Mobile platforms. The preferred mobile platforms are Android and iOS but be free to surprise us. 🖒
